
Minimum qualifications:
Currently pursuing a Bachelor's, Master's in Computer Science or related technical field.
Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages (e.g., Java, C/C++, Python, JavaScript, Go, etc.).
Experience working in Unix/Linux environments.
Experience with software design.

Preferred qualifications:
Currently in your penultimate year of study.
Experience with data structures and algorithms.
Ability to work on projects related to mobile development, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, or security software development.
Ability to showcase tech projects and participate in computer science-related extracurricular activities.
About the job
Google is invested in increasing the number of future computer scientists and software developers and is pleased to announce the 2026 Software Engineering internship in India. This program includes three main components: a software project, skills based training, and professional development. This summer internship program includes a development project that you will work on with a team of Googlers and other Software Engineering Interns. You will enhance your coding skills, and gain exposure to tools and programming languages. You will attend ongoing technical talks by executive Googlers, match with a Google Engineer, to guide you through your summer experience, and engage in social activities, community building, and networking.

Our Summer internships will start in May 2026 and will be for 10-12 weeks in duration.

This internship is intended for students who are pursuing a Bachelor's, Master's or Dual degree program in Computer Science or a related field.

To start the application process, you will need an updated CV or resume and a current unofficial or official transcript in English.

Join us for a 10-12 week paid internship that offers personal and professional development, and community-building. The Software Engineering Internship program will give you an opportunity to work on computer science solutions, develop scalable, distributed software systems, and also collaborate on multitudes of smaller projects that have universal appeal.

Our engineers create, fix, extend, and scale code to keep it working against all the bad actors of the internet. You will work on software development projects to keep important business-critical systems up and running, from code-level troubleshooting of traffic anomalies to maintenance of services and monitoring/alerts to building automation infrastructure.

Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.

Responsibilities
Research, create, and develop software applications to extend and improve on Google's product offering.
Contribute to a wide variety of projects utilizing natural language processing, artificial intelligence, data compression, machine learning, and search technologies.
Collaborate on scalability issues involving access to large amounts of data and information.
Work and support a productive and innovative team with peers, managers, and cross-functional teams.